[ENHANCEMENT] CLI/Migrate: support CR as a migration format (#2682)
perses/perses: docs/migration.md

The migration process is done in two parts:

1. Step one: Import the Grafana Dashboard into a Golang structure and then migrate it to the Perses Golang structure.

> 2. Step two: foreach variables, panels and queries in the Grafana dashboard, we are executing a Cuelang script coming

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Step two: For each variables, panels and queries in the Grafana dashboard, we are executing a Cuelang script coming
```
